chore: upgrade Keycloak (#3016)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.27.0
------

Renku ``0.27.0`` upgrades the Keycloak version that is shipped with the project.

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Improvements**

> - **YAT**: Upgrade Keycloak to 20.0.3, by using the chart codecentric/keycloakx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **YAT**: (BREAKING CHANGE) Use a new Keycloak Helm chart (codecentric/keycloakx) and upgrade Keycloak to 20.0.3. This requires modifying your current values file to work with the new Keycloak Helm chart, see (`the helm chart values changelog <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku/blob/master/helm-chart/values.yaml.changelog.md>`_) for instructions.
```

> - **YAT**: (BREAKING CHANGE) Use a new Keycloak Helm chart (codecentric/keycloakx) and upgrade Keycloak to 20.0.3. This requires modifying your current values file to work with the new Keycloak Helm chart, see (`the helm chart values changelog <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku/blob/master/helm-chart/values.yaml.changelog.md>`_) for instructions.

Reviewer 2: Don't use "YAT" in public changelogs, it's an internal name

Reviewer 3: We usually use  Renku Core Service

Reviewer 2: In this case it should just be something like "supporting services" or "3rd party services" or "Infrastructure" - "core service" is actually a service we write

Author: done
